Hey, if the sect master kills the holy general, it means war
The Holy King's Temple will never give up
Sovereign is young
Really impulsive
I'll discuss and decide to relocate as soon as possible
Hmm?
Where?
Temple of the Holy Kings
Yo, why did you hear shit as soon as you came?
Sovereign Sovereign
Sect Master This King thought that this ten thousand years
Tianzong recuperation
Why should there be a few characters?
I didn't expect you to be down to this ant
The Lord is so funny
The Holy King is here, let's run
Today, even the Venerable One above the Nine Heavens must die
I didn't expect the building behavior to be good
Ordinary people do not kneel and worship when they see this king
Just shit
Do not do
If you can die in My Royal Highness, you will die without regrets
Light Fist Ant
Just you
The holy general who burned the temple of my holy king
I'm really curious
How on Earth did you manage to do that?
What means did you use?
Presumptuous you are not a bully
Is looking for death
blue value
Ahhh what